12 local restaurants open — or opening soon — at Denver International Airport
3 Colorado Congressional leaders question federal lease terminations
Ace Hardware opens in City Park West after 5-year saga
Airlines
At Southwest Airlines, checked bags will no longer fly for free
Brewery closing north Denver location, consolidating in Central Park
Business
Can technology help more survivors of sexual assault in South Sudan?
Colorado ranchers, with Boebert’s backing, are in uproar over feds’ high-voltage power corridor: “The trust is broken”
Customers to face higher bills as Xcel Energy shells out more for natural gas
Daiso to open third Colorado store, introducing its eco-friendly line
Denver business news, startups, financial information | The Denver Post
Denver cooler startup adds showroom, expands into Dick’s Sporting Goods
Denver says if it can’t process construction permits in roughly 180 days, the city will refund developers’ fees
Developer Randy Nichols uses loan buy to snag Cherry Creek Dance property for $7.8M
Energy
Energy company wants to nearly double amount of gas it pipes into Adams County, bringing more air pollution
Exclusion or extortion? $132M downtown tower sale leads to dueling lawsuits
Featured
Fewer visitors describe having a “great experience” in downtown Denver
Invasion of the home humanoid robots
Latest Headlines
Lawmakers pass limit on liquor sales at Colorado grocery stores — as industry presses Gov. Polis to veto it
Littleton redevelopment deal advances with $14M land sale
More Business News
New 3D technology could soon bring surgeons closer to patients in Africa’s most remote regions
New nonstop flights from DIA to Utah start next week
No more cheap skirts: Trump ends tax exemption for low-value Chinese imports
OB-GYN launches period pain supplement with $300K raised
Passengers evacuated plane at DIA onto wing and with their luggage. The NTSB is investigating why.
Real Estate
Retail
Shea pays $12M for DTC office slated for residential conversion
Sponsored: Shifting dynamics: How the pandemic reshaped Denver’s housing market
Sponsored: Thinking about selling your house? The best time to list is coming soon
Spotify says it’s back after an hourslong outage disrupts thousands of users
Suburban Denver city, the latest flashpoint in Colorado’s housing affordability saga, feels squeezed by density pressures
Tech for babies is booming. Here’s what one parent found helped the most.
Technology
The Denver Post’s lawsuit vs. OpenAI, Microsoft to proceed after judge turns back motions
There’s a new kind of American whiskey, and Colorado distillers are buzzing about it
Trump administration plans to end the IRS Direct File program for free tax filing, AP sources say
Trump’s new energy order puts states’ climate laws in the crosshairs of the Department of Justice
U.S. Department of Energy identifies NREL campus near Golden as potential site for massive data center
UnitedHealth’s worst drop in decades weighs on US indexes even as most stocks tick higher
Would you buy a Colorado ski-town parking spot for $415,000?
